so there's a horror movie not wanting to
be called one but it had really bad jump
scare so it's a horrible movie made by
the brothers who directed a really don't
film named predestination which I highly
recommend for you guys to go watch it
however they might want a time machine
for this one because it's so bad I
almost wanted to give it a coaster
rating let me explain see there's a
real-life mansion in San Jose that many
say was haunted so this movie gets to
slap that based on a true story stamped
there but it's like the same way that I
can claim that I met Celina since my mom
was at her concert and I was in the womb
the years 1906 in Sarah Winchester who
listened to my Chemical Romance once and
then dropped a lot of money at Hot Topic
now owns the Winchester Repeating Arms
Company which specializes in making
rifles and skates for some reason she
lost her daughter Annie so you get why
she's dressed like the black bride but
the fact that she's acting like a
minecraft kid using all of her parents
money to add to this building causes
investors to want to fire her because
they think she's going crazy
that's where doctor price comes in who
was hired to evaluate her and deem her
insane so the investors can take over
the company he heads over to her Taj
Mahal of grief where they keep adding
rooms upon rooms and this dude starts
seeing ghosts everywhere problem is that
he's also a drunk so you don't know if
he's buzzin or if this place is a
medieval he runs into Mary Anne who is
Sarah's niece who's also staying at this
house and sir husband is out of the
picture and she has a ginger kid with
her whose soul continues to get
possessed by ghosts even though you know
he's a ginger
child's play over here continues to get
haunted by skates he starts walking
around with a bag on his head
he's walking off ledges kid snatches one
of the guns from the room and starts
Almer flooding his hands before getting
pinned down and this causes dr. price
who's guy in his gun drugs and sanity
taken away from him to really grill
Sarah on what the heck is going on she
confesses that every night she gets
possessed right at midnight by all of
the victims who were once shot and
killed by a Winchester gun and they
forced her to sketch out the room that
they died in she then demands her 24/7
workers to create this room since it
allows them to come back and just chill
in the place that they died for eternity
and in case she ever builds a room for a
really really bad
dude in the afterlife who's tricked her
she bars every room that they create
with 13 nails since that's the amount
you need to lock in spirits that it
doesn't even work though it turns out
that this Butler dude right here was
really a Confederate ghost the entire
time and we get a flashback about how
his brother died during the war so he
wanted vengeance he couldn't meet up
with the opposing force so he wants to
go shoot up the people who made the guns
for the opposite side he is wearing that
mass that the kid is also wearing when
he goes in kills 15 people and then gets
clocked himself since he died in an
armory the room that he demanded to get
built has a bunch of guns that he can
control he straight-up demolishes the
house with an earthquake I'm just
sitting there going if a demon can do
all that why did they need to possess
real people then we then get some
backstory and dr. price when he ends up
in a garden room which done thun thun is
where his wife died the movie then
sneaks in a half-baked message about
mental illness and how his wife felt
betrayed since no one was listening to
her about all the things she was seeing
and so she shoots her husband once in
the chest
kills herself and he ends up surviving
after being dead for three minutes
for whatever reason Sarah then goes yo
you know that bullet that almost killed
you that you reconstructed dark night
style keep around yeah that's what's
gonna kill him okay this afterlife
bullet actually does do the trick
it kills a Confederate ghost fixes
racism in America the ghosts all go back
to the rooms and get locked in and we
learned the most important lesson of
them all demons are the ones who need
gun control thank you guys for checking
out this video I'm curious your thoughts
on this movie if you saw it it's got
like an 8% right now I saw it so I can
tell you that it's bad I love how it
ends with this thing saying that that
earthquake that the demon caused is the
reason why there was a real earthquake
in like 1906 when this movie takes place
it makes absolutely no sense to me but
if you liked it let me know down below
in the comment section as well as any
other movies you want me to cover and
remember if you comment like and
subscribe I will send you your own
Winchester rifle